>> Stephen: YOU KNOW, FOLKS, I
SPEND SO MUCH OF MY TIME HERE
CHOPPING THE GIANT OAK TREES OF
THE NEWS.
BUT SOMETIMES I LIKE TO COLLECT
THE SAWDUST, MIX IT WITH BINDERS
AND RESIN TO MAKE A PULP
SLURRY, AND PRESS IT ALL INTO
THE PARTICLE BOARD OF NEWS THAT
IS MY SEGMENT:
"MEANWHILE!"
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ).
>> Stephen: NEVER FAILS.
NEVER FAILS.
"MEANWHILE," BABY.
"MEANWHILE."
>> Jon: THEY LOVE IT!
>> Stephen: MEANWHILE, TODAY IS
MITT ROMNEY'S 72nd BIRTHDAY, AND
HE TWEETED HIS OFFICE BIRTHDAY
CELEBRATION, SAYING "MY TEAM
SURPRISED ME WITH A CAKE MADE
OUT OF MY FAVORITE SNACK--
TWINKIES."
WHICH IS FITTING.
JUST LIKE TWINKIES, MITT ROMNEY
DOESN'T AGE, AND HE'S EVEN
WHITER ON THE INSIDE.
(  LAUGHTER  )
( APPLAUSE )
BUT-- DELICIOUS.
DELICIOUS.
>> Jon: OH, MAN!
>> Stephen: BUT THE WEIRD PART
IS ROMNEY BLEW OUT THE CANDLES
BY PICKING THEM UP AND BLOWIN
THEM OUT INDIVIDUALLY.
OKAY, THAT DOES IT!
HE'S A SKRULL!
THERE'S NO WAY.
EVERYTHING HE DOES IS LIKE AN
ALIEN GOOGLED "HOW TO DO A
NORMAL."
(AS ALIEN)
"DO I BLOW OUT THE FLAMING WAX
CYLINDER WITH AIRFLOW, OR AM I
TO INGEST IT INTO MY MOUTH
REGION?
EITHER WAY... FUN."
(  LAUGHTER  )
MEANWHILE, POLICE IN A SMALL
TOWN IN GERMANY RUSHED TO
INVESTIGATE A MURDER, ONLY TO
FIND THAT THE WOMAN HAD REPORTED
IT, SHE JUST WANTED SOMEONE TO
REMOVE A CAR BLOCKING HER
GARAGE.
SOUNDS TO ME LIKE SOMEONE WAS
GONNA FESS UP TO A MURDER, THEN
HAD SECOND THOUGHTS.
(GERMAN ACCENT)
"OH, DID I SAY MURDER ON ZE
PHONE?
I MEANT CAR.
OOPS.
ICH BIN EIN SILLY LADY.
NOW, IF YOU'LL EXCUSE ME, I HAVE
TO GO BURY... AN AUDI."
(  LAUGHTER  )
MEANWHILE, NEW YORK CITY MAYOR
BILL DE BLASIO IS-- FOR
SOME REASON THAT TOP SCIENTISTS
CANNOT FATHOM-- EXPLORING A
PRESIDENTIAL RUN.
(  LAUGHTER  )
NATURALLY, HE GRABBED THE FIRST
OPPORTUNITY TO BE SEEN PUBLICLY
DANCING TO THE MUSIC OF--
♪ ♪ ♪
THAT'S RIGHT, R. KELLY!
NOW, SEE IF YOU CAN SPOT THE
MOMENT THE MAYOR REALIZES HE'S
DANCING TO THE MUSIC OF A SEX
MONSTER.
HE'S FLAPPING...
AND HE'S FLAPPING...
AND, OH, MY GOD.
WHAT AM I DOING?
IN RESPONSE TO THE LEAKED
FOOTAGE, A DE BLASIO SPOKESMAN
EXPLAINED IN AN EMAIL, "THE
MAYOR WASN'T THE CHURCH'S D.J.,
AND HE CERTAINLY CAN'T BE
EXPECTED TO RECOGNIZE EVERY
R. KELLY TRACK.
THANKS."
"PLEASE LET THIS GAFFE DIE
IMMEDIATELY, BECAUSE HE HASN'T
EVEN ANNOUNCED YET, AND THIS IS
A NIGHTMARE!
I JUST GRADUATED FROM VASSAR,
AND I NEED THIS JOB.
THANKS SO MUCH.
OH, AND P.S.: YES, I KNOW IF
THERE'S, LIKE, ONE R. KELLY
SONG YOU SHOULD RECOGNIZE IT'S
'I BELIEVE I CAN FLY.'
YOU KNOW THAT!
I QUIT."
MEANWHILE-- I CAN REALLY DO
THIS.
I CAN REALLY DO THIS.
MEANWHILE, THIS YEAR, BARBIE
TURNS 60 YEARS OLD.
AND I HATE TO BE CATTY, BUT
IT LOOKS TO ME LIKE SHE'S HAD
SOME WORK DONE.
JUST PUMP THE BRAKES, GIRL.
NO ONE HAS THAT MUCH NECK.
(  LAUGHTER  )
WELL, IF, LIKE ME, YOU'RE
STUMPED AS TO HOW TO CELEBRATE,
DON'T WORRY.
MATTEL HAS TURNED A HILTON HOTEL
SUITE INTO A LIFE-SIZED BARBIE
HAVEN FEATURING A PINK POOL
CABANA AS WELL AS A LIFE-SIZED
DREAMCAMPER.
PERFECT FOR PEOPLE WHO'VE ALWAYS
WANTED TO PAY HUNDREDS OF
DOLLARS TO GO ON VACATION IN
THEIR DAUGHTER'S BEDROOM.
(  LAUGHTER  )
IF YOU WANT THE FULL BARBIE
EXPERIENCE, THE HOTEL WILL ALSO
PROVIDE A DUDE WITH NO GENITALS.
(  LAUGHTER  )
THERE YOU GO.
WE'LL BE RIGHT BACK WITH JOHN
TURTURRO.